IndieCade 2014 Priorities: (due 5/15/14)
1. New mechanics, get in at least three
2. New levels, use these three new mechanics in good ways
3. Story? It would help. How should we convey this? (minimum approach here, 4 weeks!)
4. Juice? I'd love to design a movement scaling effect based on acceleration


Kickstarter Priorities: (due before even thinking about funding this project, so second public demo really... fall 2014?)
1. Networking with up to four devices connecting
2. A handful of mechanics and fifteen solid levels (that means 45 levels being cut down to a solid 15) (also: maybe 15 mechanics cut down to a solid 5)
3. Remove tab from graphics!!

---

Current priorities as of 9/20/13: (finish before GDC!)

1. Networking basics. Allow two players to play online together and have the basic local multiplayer gameplay. Allow three clients to join one host.
2. Gameplay depth - crumbling blocks, buttons, gates, springs. (debating springs)
3. Dictionary maps
4. Remove Tab from graphics

---

Current priorities as of 9/20/13:

IndieXChange Revisions (in order of significance)

1. Locked-only camera (possibly moving if out of view), keep camera locked to some angle at all times. Tilt camera in direction of momentum...? And move cam towards player on wall collision, Zelda and Tomb Raider 2013 both do.
2. Remove cave levels
3. Gameplay depth. Buttons, gates, springs, doors, keys, extra collectibles
4. Eliminate lag by switching maps to a dictionary, and not having a seperate array for collision
5. Disable Tab button, remove from graphics
6. Use alphabet!
7. Networking, making a dedicated host and many clients system, using UDP Broadcast for LAN searches on the broadcast address. SFML supports this, ENET may not... but ENET seems more limited anyways.
http://en.sfml-dev.org/forums/index.php?topic=6666.0 (sf::IpAddress::Broadcast)
8. CubiWar mode? (credit to Mary on name) King of the Hill would be best. Yes, yes it would. Then territories?

---

Public Demo Revisions

1. When camera locked, position camera on the side you are moving towards
   (but only if >1/2*maxMomentum is achieved by momentum)
2. Make camera see around corners/non-visible areas, for big castle
   (or, if you go through a "doorway" then swing the camera to the new side)
   (where a "doorway" is defined as columns on either side of you, then not)

?. Smooth turning a little so that arrow keys in four player isn't so jerky looking?

Waiting on Rolando for:

1. Play sound when cubior skids/conflict with direction vs toldDirection

---

also wanted:
0. Figure out why deltasToDegrees is in use while fixedDeltasToDegrees exists
1. Have camera try checking vertically to resolve visibility issues
2. start screen to have all four cubes jumping for goal
3. If cam moving to fixed point, but going to hit wall, stop! Cancel the move.
   Currently, in the last level, camera has no problem going straight through
   small walls to get to open spaces on the other side.

---


0V. Follow both's choose angle flips around on room 2 or 3, second green room

00. Weirdness when player pauses while touching goal. Pausing should take priority.
     Weirdness also transfers into next level?

0. Looks like wall angle shots are messing things up again: don't let the
    camera rotate while you're jumping!

1. And what is that funkiness on the right front corner of the first pile in room 3?
     that's all in option one, so it must be that viewBoth isn't figuring out which side it's really on.

---
Old but still worthy priorities

?. Move camera less, keep static more

??. Wouldn't it be cool if in locked mode, it tracked the last dir travelled,
    and would point the camera so you could see further ahead in the dir you were
    about to go in? (ala Mario World)
